---
layout: post
title: Meta
description: self-explanatory
tags: words
---

There are no affiliate links in this post. A small portion of your time will be wasted reading this post from which I draw an immense sense of satisfaction. 

In lieu of writing a post with any real substance, I am writing this one. In the reddit community they would call this a shitpost. According to <strike>Webster's dictionary</strike> Wikipedia, *Shitposting is posting "aggressively, ironically, and of trollishly poor quality.*

The first post is always the most difficult. In the pursuit of the perfect first post, I have procrastinated publishing this blog for months. As much as I claim to not buy into stories, I still care about what others think but im putting aside my pursuit of perfetionism to just get started.

Here are some things you could be doing instead of reading this post:

- FaceTime a close friend
- Make a new close friend. 
- Sudoku.
- Complain to yourself on how terrible quarantine is
- Get caught up in the past and wish things were different
- Drink 16 oz of water
- Watch a clickbait YouTube video and regret the 5 minutes of your life you will never get back
- Follow along with this 10 minute guided QiGong routine
- Scroll through Instagram. Its a great tool to stay connected with your friends.
- Learn to juggle
- Sit with the stillness of the current moment and


Seriously....this post is just fluff. It puts less pressure on my first real post so in the grand scheme of things, it has a purpose.....just like you and me :)

